hey what's up guys in today's video I'm
going to show you how to unlock any
iPhone 5s in the market it is very very
simple I'm going to show you how to do
it step by step and I promise you by the
end of this video you're going to know
100% how to unlock any iPhone now this
is a very simple procedure this is
called a factory unlock which is done
directly through iTunes and we only need
the IMEI number of the phone
to unlock it now it doesn't matter which
iOS version you have this method will
work for all iOS and versions and
doesn't matter if your device is
jailbroken or anything you can basically
you can if you have an iPhone you can
unlock it now
now there is only one downside of this
unlock fortunately it is not free we
will have to pay a small amount but
trust me guys it is worth every penny to
have your phone fully unlocked to use it
worldwide with all GSM SIM cards out
there alright so with that said let's
start now the first thing we have to do
is you go to the settings of your phone
and you scroll down where it says iCloud
so you just click over this iCloud and
just make sure Find My iPhone is
completely these deactivated okay it is
very important otherwise we will have
problem trying to activate it later so
just make sure it is like dis activated
or deactivated sorry the next step is to
open your phone application just as if
you were dialing a call and you will
have decided following command star
pound zero six pound as you will see you
will get the 15 digit IMEI number of
your phone here this is very very
important this is a unique number for
every phone so keep it confidential and
based on this number we can I request
the unlock to course to unlock this
phone if you don't get the ima number by
typing star pound zero six pound you can
get it from the settings menu a buccal
swab down where it says general about
you will see here the IMEI number as
well alright okay so the next step is to
go to that
you open your inner browser I use Google
Chrome and you will go to the website
unlockriver.com
in these website we will request the
unlock for this iPhone so we just need
to fill in information on the right-hand
side
so first we're going to start by
selecting the original carrier in this
case my phone was is currently locked to
AT&T United States so I'm going to
select that one and then you select the
brand course this is an Apple product
then you will select the exact model of
your phone so in this case we're going
to be unlocking an iPhone 5s from AT&T
so just make sure you select exactly the
right product you want to do to unlock
here alright so up next it is very
important step here it will ask you to
enter the 15 digit IMEI number we got at
the beginning of the video so remember
just make sure you copy it and paste it
here just type it there it must be a
hundred percent correct if there is a
mistake here this unlock will not work
alright so the next step is to write
down your personal email where you want
to receive the notification after your
phone has been completely unlocked so
I'm just going to write down here my
personal email and they will send you
the unlock notification after your
iPhone has been completely unlocked to
this email alright if you scroll down
you will see an average delivery time
and the price to unlock your iPhone the
prices under the delivery times may vary
you can vary between one day two days up
to 15 business days and the price will
also vary depending on your phones brand
carrier and model so we're going to
click this one lock now and then the
following screen you will see a summary
of your order so just make sure you
check everything here it is very
important and as I promised you I was
going to show you step by step how to
unlock your phone so I'm just going to
go through the payment really quick is
going to take less than 10 seconds I
guarantee so we just click pay now I
have my PayPal account so it is very
fast however you don't need a PayPal
account to complete your payment so
that's it I just click
now and we should that's it we should
get a confirmation message about the
order so if you see here it says thank
you for your order and they are
currently working on your order starting
from now and they will send you an email
as soon as your unlock code has your
unlock has been completed and you are
ready to activate your unlock so I'm
going to show you my personal email
account and I'll show you the email I
received and you will receive one
exactly just like this so if you see
here it says message from the lock River
and it says your iPhone has a blink
has been completely unlocked
successfully so we're just going to open
at that email and if you see here it
will tell you basically to connect your
iPhone to your computer and open iTunes
with your new SIM card so we're just
going to go ahead and insert the new SIM
card you want to use your phone with
okay and you're going to basically open
iTunes here and the rest of the
procedure is done through iTunes now
just after you connect your iPhone to
your computer you should get a message
saying that your iPhone has been
successfully unlocked however if you
don't get it as I did as as the case is
here because I didn't get it we'll have
to update or restore your iPhone ok so I
recommend you do a backup first if you
don't want to lose any valuable
information so um you should just click
here where it says backup now otherwise
if you don't have any important
information like me we're just going to
go ahead and click restore iPhone and it
will ask you if you want to backup I'm
gonna say don't back up and it's gonna
take a while until the phone is fully
restored so I'm just going to go ahead
and click continue and now this is going
to take a while maybe five or ten
minutes so I'm just going to fast
forward from here until the phone has
been completely restored
all right so you should get a
confirmation message saying that your
iPhone has been successfully restored to
factory settings and it will power it
will just complete a final procedure or
final step and we should get a message
sign that the iPhone was successfully
unlocked so we're just going to give it
a couple of seconds here until a phone
has been fully booted on and they just
wait until iTunes recognizes as you can
see here you will get a message saying
congratulations your iPhone has been
successfully unlocked so to set up your
and sync your iPhone click continue and
that's it guys
as you can see here I don't know if you
are able to see it but my my carrier
says it's t-mobile so it's kind of hard
to see it
Adam is a AT&T iPhone running on
t-mobile and all you have to do right
now it's activate your phone and yeah I
should that should be it and the phone
is now fully unlocked you can use it
worldwide with all GSM SIM cards out
there and if you have any any any
comments or any opinions please let me
know and I will try to make a to help
you and please remember to subscribe to
my videos thank you please